Mr. Ye?
This is the security my dad found for you
Named Linna
Hello, my name is Ye Fan.
Can you try your skills?
Are you sure?
I also learned a little
It's okay, give it a try.
Hey
I took it, I took it, I took it
Ok ok ok ok
Then hurry up and let Mr. Ye go.
Now your employer
Tell Uncle Xu
I'll definitely stop by after a while. Thank you
That time
I'll take you to meet the person you want to protect
treatment
I don't know what Uncle Xu told you
Anyway, I won't treat you badly.
As for what do you need?
You can also mention it to me.
Then let's go meet
Is the former eldest sister a bodyguard?
Ah, Brother Ye Fan, I don't want bodyguards
Cher
Yes, now because of the money
I offended some people out there.
You are my future wife
They can't take me
I will naturally find a way to attack you
Whether it's for me
Or for you?
tight
Must be by your side
OK then. I'll go buy some toiletries.
Grandpa's towel needs to be changed
Sister Qin Na Supermarket is not far from here
You don't have to follow
It's my duty to follow you
No matter where Cher goes
Qin Na must be by your side
Otherwise, I don't worry.
Sister Qin, how old are you? 20
Whoa whoa whoa brothers
Catch it ok
Brothers, just arrest this woman